Working Backdrop conversion of 7.x-1.26. (#9)
backdrop-contrib/eu_cookie_compliance: README.md

- You may want to create a page that would explain how your site uses cookies.
  Alternatively, if you have a privacy policy, you can link the pop-up to that
  page (see next step).

- If you want to customise the pop-up background and text color  type
  in the hex values. Once it exists, you can also use the
  [jQuery Colorpicker module](http://backdropcms.org/project/jquery_colorpicker).

- If you want to theme your pop-up override the themes in the template file.

- If you want to show the message in EU countries only, install the
  [GeoIP module](http://backdropcms.org/project/geoip] and enable that option on
  the settings page.

NOTICE: The module does not audit your cookies nor does it prevent cookies
from being set.

Documentation
-------------

Additional documentation is located in the Wiki:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/eu_cookie_compliance/wiki/Documentation.

Issues
------

Bugs and Feature requests should be reported in the Issue Queue:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/eu_cookie_compliance/issues.

Current Maintainers
-------------------

- Graham Oliver (https://github.com/Graham-72).
- Seeking additional maintainers.

Credits
-------

> - Ported to Backdrop CMS by Betty Boop (https://github.com/username).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ported to Backdrop CMS by [Graham Oliver](https://github.com/Graham-72)
```

Author: hah! oops :) fixed.
